name is coming at you with supersonic
speed mallamma mm er you assume enemy
who and what I gotta do to get it
through diem superhuman innovative enemy
to Riverstone anything you say is
ricocheting off in me and it'll give you
and I was sitting more than ever
demonstrating how to give him
motherfuckin audience a feelin like his
letter to me never fitting in at all
haters are forever waiting for the dude
everything you see they fell off his bed
reading cuz another way to get a
motivated I mugello if any music you
make elevator music what did you say no
my vagina's really sorry that what
you're saying this long odds go make
sure your vote I need we Toby Wow polls
Oh as if I don't know if you were
masturbating or trying to be why is
everybody master be in today I got real
motivation yeah like my penis job you
not see Oh suck my dick slow when we
find in English people go away don't
like spread What's Wrong kirbridge we
smell funny yeah i grill that one the
April web to the first hook don't get
then Oh Dixon is a right frog really are
you taking the fucking piss really that
fucking look at that fucking lot hey mom
shot camellia hate you gay shit so my
fucking PA otro there's no need to be
mad no need to be mad roses I'm so horny
I just know that y'all my left or never
white my East feel bigger for some
reason I don't even feel moon is just
there
I can live with it it's just quite
annoying oh is this like japanese porn
what is all right a Japanese pornos cuz
like a fee was like I'm like what is
that it's so like hey wait wait yes
Japanese look forward no no boys no no
no no no no no I don't intentionally
start setup but when it comes by buying
you will gladly watches japanese porn
come back some bills aren't that
reliable thumbnails are nothing like
someone says when you click on asian you
want like good asian japanese yeah not
like that so like blurt it out like you
can't actually see anything going on
yeah I I hate Japanese oh my god i hate
japanese a freaky like I've seen
Japanese use eels in the book please got
you octopuses yes I fish what rocks yeah
it's all sensitive wait wait i remember
i saw on an article one time so check
they put an octopus inside her and they
could get it out cuz i thought it was
dead and it was actually alive i still
wouldn't come out icicle what kind of
article is this vixen is the fact that
its top japan is like the biggest
industry they do the weirdest shit but
it's censored oh so so you're satisfied
with looking at blurred blurred boobs
well it doesn't really make a difference
anyway cousin of a shave so it's like a
giant barack obama's head down there how
much do this shit you guys look at oh my
god the only lately i'm questioning if
that sentence was the fact that Barack
Obama's hair is in that bushy it's just
like stereotypical black he said like
such a bubble like Weird Al Yankovic
then yeah understandable no it never was
French is he don't shake my goodness
please can fit subject me
hey do you look this up through like oh
I wonder what this country does who
might be interesting and then that the
full nail is very very misleading
sometimes yeah that's why you hover over
the image and it goes through a little
transition of the whole I don't know
what's I you're on but I'm interested
here where can I invest yes can you
speak mexican language press tech tips
like me saying do you speak american
language what what is your name is it
Lily I